Hi I'm Luke from Audient
and today I'm going to show you the ASP 880 8 channel mic pre and A-D converter.
So if you're looking to improve the quality of your front end
by adding high-quality mic pres and converters,
the ASP880 is the perfect product for you.
ASP880 has 8 of our class A mic pres, 8
line inputs and a couple of JFET inputs
for plugging in electric guitars and basses
The mic pres compare with products that are three or four times the price
and are used by many professionals around the world, recording all sorts of styles of music.
They have just enough colour to
add some character to the sound,
whilst retaining the accuracy required to reproduce the original audio source.
On the output side of things the ASP880
has 8 line outputs, it has 8 AES
outputs and it has 8 ADAT outputs
It's these ADAT outputs that most
people will use to connect their interface,
In fact that's exactly what we're showing here.
We have an ASP880 connected
via ADAT to our interface, the iD22.
This particular setup would give you
ten inputs into your computer.
We use the latest high-performance converter chips,
so the ASP880 competes with the
very best converters out there.
Each channel has a balanced insert so you can insert your favorite compressor or EQ.
and by pressing the AD button on the front panel
ASP880 effectively becomes an 8-channel mic pre with a standalone AD converter.
There is a variable impedance switch
on each channel which allows you
to match the impedance to
your favorite ribbon microphone,
or change the tone of any microphone.
There's also a variable high-pass filter which allows you to tune out unwanted low frequencies or Rumble.
If you're looking for high-quality
front end to your interface,
Then the ASP880 is set to impress.
It has Audient's class A mic pres, it has the best converters around and it has inserts on each channel.
and variable impedance. All at a great price.
For more info please go to Audient.com
thank you